wish you had a team like this but you
just don't have the coins then head over
to fuck coin sellers calm with almost
instant delivery you can have your coins
within five minutes and don't forget to
use a code chip 545 to send up of the
checkup
the final team with a seasoned Humvee I
mean what where do you even lock we've
got Reynaldo ebro Suarez messy touring
Robert today I'm packing the team of the
CC I just don't care that don't care
before we go any further I've got brand
new series coming tomorrow and it's
gonna involve opening a shit ton of the
new fee for my team World Cup packs I
think you're gonna like it I'm gonna
like it you're all gonna probably gonna
like it but I know it lads if you want
that lets smash 1,000 likes let's kill
it I've got all my counsel on it whoo
but 5k pass go boy it lads let me tell
you a story at last night I had a dream
actually the dream let's not look at the
pack and a dream the pact Eber and yes
it was life-changing and I'm gonna look
now I'm a life of a change Fred I just
oh my god are sold items of Pastides of
panic then I'm sucked oh my god give you
so many items in it you already know
lights meanie a we decide we good with
dogs with homies we propose we what
cousins were sisters and blow a cock it
29 pace if I'm boy what look at how much
of a petafile who looks just look at his
face
embrace it yep definitely Peter I can
feel the team of the season coming in
the air tonight Oh II oh it's the same
involved about twice I'm pretty sure its
last week's in farm as well you've gotta
be taking let me take you taking this
you know what we've been neglecting my
lately a lot you said don't replace him
I ain't gonna be bolstering the squad we
are bringing in new staff members very
soon just you wait but for now taps I'm
packing my packs at this refers one man
they can take any job in the world real
madrid million that ambassa that man is
mice mice mice sometimes my Z just want
to make me grab you and rip you into a
million tiny freaking pieces but if you
could see my face right now you would
see the disgust I have in mice yes to it
won't talk did you see simple mouse eyes
yes Courtois and another in your area
I'll take it I'll take it I'll take it
that guy's a pack Mars you've done it
Maj you've done it go on lunch go on as
you want to kiss him still great I feel
good much my side film must exit Mars
take set it's for you this one was takes
a blood good a member member mum but
ever double bump oh yes yes blue it's
another Blue Book I keep getting the
shit ones well one and two shit ones and
one good one but that's another blue ok
it's another blue I'll take out a kit
wait to the Patent Office I'll wait now
I spin like a total badass top total
girls so cool like pictures of me all
over
done yet yeah haha I'm a killer I'm a
stone cold rice killer minds were
killers much we get we get bitches I'm
Moyes I get bitchy humble daily I got a
male eyes big padlock it's been on fire
and you know what it was you all
underestimated you fought yeas and spin
back around his chair and his good old
like a right SWAT and he's gonna spin
around and he's gonna see buckle but no
I was there was like boom Bush rocks in
a pack you all underestimated his pack
just like you underestimate the chair
Jedi mind trick back yes I told you you
underestimated you want the rest of it
La Paz what I'm talking about top rack
I'll take your memory anything that no
oh my god that was three that was three
in a row allows robust reporting on the
run himself and gaze very own opinion on
this it's unbelievable ugh thought you
question why Mars is not sky sure my
video something nice doesn't it mais
doesn't need to be skies Mars can do a
one smiles design Chuck Norris he knows
every action in the world Mars doesn't
care mais guys hands in the air Lance
that is all with pads rice with pad
toprak we packed clothes wah win packs
and mobile with Pats oh yeah Albanese
out we pull out five or six or forum
shit I cannot count so as if you did
enjoy the video make sure you drop by at
one thousand lights I got a brand new
series coming tomorrow involves trying
to pack every player a 786 players on a
new world cup mode involves trying to
pack them all which is gonna because a
fricking shit ton so let's make sure you
drop like thanks for watching I'll catch
you motherfuckers layer now Thakur